now this video will show you how to use
and fill the refillable cartridges for
coming with an auto reset chip from city
ink Express so we're going to remove the
plug on top and then the yellow tape so
underneath the yellow tape is an air
breather hole that needs to be uncovered
so I the ink to flow through the
cartridge so they are very clean very
easy to use and very easy to fill so
there is a large hole on top that will
allow these to be filled with no mess at
all so a few years ago there was a
stigma attached to refill ink cartridges
people thought they were messy entirely
or not suitable we will see from this
video that the manufacturers have come a
long way they're very easy to fail over
and over again and they are not messy so
we're going to put the needle in the
hole here we're going to tilt it an
angle so when they tilted at an angle so
you can see the sponge soaking up the
ink managed to get 10 mil up in so far
we're just going to hold it at an angle
so you will see an orange cap on the
bottom of this cartridge it is very
important that you keep these orange
caps for future refills you've got two
ways of doing it you can either leave
them in the printer and fill from the
top if you've got a steady hand or you
can remove them from the printer and
fill them up like so if you remove them
from the printer you will need to put
the orange caps back up this will avoid
any ink spilling out of the cartridge so
the sponge is now for we're just going
to top up this side reservoir and we've
got approximately 60 ml of ink into that
cartridge which is more than the OEM
cartridge itself as you can see
very clean it's not messy really simple
to use so they do come with auto-reset
chips as we've said on the cartridge
basically the ink levels will be
monitored as normal through your printer
being levels will go down and it will
tell you that the cartridge is empty
if you switch your printer off and back
on again
they will reset themselves to a hundred
percent regardless of the level of ink
in the printer so you can either remove
the cartridge every few days or once a
week it depends how often you use it
just have a quick look in the side
reservoir and then top it up if you
remove the cartridge and fill it all
they will rethink themselves but to a
hundred percent so because these are
very clean very easy to use it does make
them suitable for the home the office
the photographers and many other
environments so again it's just a case
of remembering to to tell the cartridge
on its side - the sponge can't
completely soaked all so once it once
this has been done once you won't need
to tell the cartridge on inside for
future refills basically this ones will
just soak it up as normal we've managed
to do that one now we're going to top it
up again
so this is part of the sixth up
cartridge for the IP 6600 D 6700 D for
the common range of printers we just put
this plug bucket and that once finished
so do make sure that the plugs are
actually pushed firmly all the way down
and flush so in true TV style we'll have
some of the we're already prefilled to
cut down on the video time so I have a
set of six now for the RP 6600 d6 700d
complete with auto-reset chips falls out
filled in about five minutes no mass
really easy to use thank you